Cardcaptor soccer is on by clamp
Kodansha Tokyopop Dark Horse Comics
Batman entertainment Nelvana and Kenny
Owens please support the official
release sometime ago somewhere some God
made some cards that did something his
name princess mo Koopa
a fraction
I wonder what's inside
what the Frick why am I in France
What stupid shop did I get this costume
from why am i standing on top of a
building
foreshadowing come on you dipshit you're
gonna be late for school
super expansion Oh chi-su oh shit not
again
pwned this is my brother Tori and my
filler character of a father this is a
photo of my mother she died three months
before I was born she died from look a
penny hey dumbass talk talk here's all
and get to school
Oh cotton candy
I came up with the best idea ever I
should film a grade-two girl and really
skimpy outfits fighting huge random crap
don't do it and you're in second grade
girl I hope you like late at 0.7 Madison
does is great and I would like to help
her but oh my god I see a penny okay
then I guess that means I can help one
lesson for me is this
do not open Pandora's box sunshine
lollipops and rainbows and everything
that's wonderful is gonna come my way
hey go revealing backflips
hey Dad him home hmm where is he
probably off doing nothing important
after all he's only a filler character
oh sweet
puddin huh maybe that's my dad randomly
sleeping in our dark damp creamy Basin
and that looks a lot like a library
let's go beat him with a stick so I can
have his puddin
snake snake chicken of jerries there
I'll see you snake you have to hide I
found you what's so
hey Pandora's book maybe this is the one
with little red riding-hood
I love that story
why is there a lock on it oh okay it's
open now
ah this is a little red riding-hood just
a children's card games
the Wendy
all of these heart-shaped balls in the
room
yes I love little girls what's your name
no like it matters yeah I love surprise
toys in my books
whoa Thank You Eddie you can put me down
any time now where do I put the
batteries oh I found it yeah get your
finger out of there that's an exit all
right so what are you
I am Kuro Boris the goddamn in Pandora's
book I am here to make sure these cars
never leave this book or we'll all die
horrible deaths holy fuck
they kind of went through the roof when
I may or may not have read the card that
said windy what I know you're pissed so
I brought you some puddin
if there's anything and I mean anything
I can do just tell me anything even if
it involves latex no I made that mistake
once today fine how about you just risk
your life to find the cards as I barely
help until I choose to be the most
awesome thing ever
fine that sounds a lot safer
you
okay with your new job you get this
stupid key of cards but that's more of a
magic key that transforms into a one
that has the power to capture large
creatures and change them into cards why
doesn't a stupid bitch shut up
so how do I you know do stuff well see
that giant ass bird yeah well good why
did you not let me change my outfit cuz
shut the fuck up it's gonna wait how the
Frick do I get on this thing I have an
idea George
now what mister I have a plan okay now
say the magic words please now goddamnit
the words you use the capture cards that
was fun
now what now you have new magic powers
oh cool
how do I use them okay pay close
attention beat the card with your wand
and place it between your legs and write
it do you like riding my stick churros
corner alright time for the show that
you've all been waiting for listen look
at little girls in short skirts oh yeah
I love it and you do too oh yeah Jassim
by the way and the most pimped bridge
character ever just look at my fishing
boat ah ok see you later
I hope Madison doesn't make me wear any
horrible costumes I remember what she
did to that moku buckhead ah